---
title: "The Huge Mistake Rain Cloud Made"
layout: post
---

This is a story about a frustrated rain cloud, who quit its job when humans needed it most.



Rain Cloud, the rain cloud did nothing else but float around in the sky, rained when it's needed and did ABSOLUTELY nothing when it's not needed. Here's Rain's daily
timetable, or you can call it a weather fore-cast if you want to.

MONDAY:
Morning: Chill.
Evening: Still hanging around.
Night: Rain.

TUESDAY:
-Rain all day.

WEDNESDAY:
-Still raining all day!

THURSDAY:
-Gets blown away by Wind and Puff
Night: Find my way back home.

FRIDAY:
Morning: Sleep
Evening and Night: Rain

SATURDAY:
-Rain again all day

SUNDAY:
Morning: Take a nap
Evening: Rain for five minutes
Night: Finally a day I can sleep!

On a normal Tuesday, Rain was stressed out, nearly running out of water to dump down at on the lazy humans, when she heard one person complaining about how he hates rain and wished it had stopped, so he could go out and
play Soccer. Others agreed with him. Rain was mad. Really mad.
"Fine! I'll take a break and go on holidays! Then you'll realise how useful I am." Rain hissed. Thunder crackled as
he said this.
"You can't take a break! You are important!" Her boss, Thunder Storm growled.
"Oh yeah? If I'm actually useful, the humans might want to show some gratitude!" She snapped back. Rain packed
her back and headed off. Passing Wind, Puff, Sun, Moon, Star, Glow and many more of their sisters, Rain suddenly
pushed through a whole new world! The ground was cracked and dry.
"Hmmm... This place needs some water!" She thought, and she rained. The animals happily and gratefully licked up
the water. Passing on, she arrived at a farm, where crops aren't weren't growing since its it was too hot. She rained.
Rain travelled past an ice skating rink, but the ground was made out of concrete. People was staring at the rink in
disappointment. Water! She rained again and again, floating past hopeful, helpless towns and countries, lastly
arriving back at her town. Rain was utterly shocked at what was going on.
"Wha- What happened here!?" She gasped in surprise.
"That's your doing." Thunder Storm's deep voice rang from behind her, "You left and no one had water. Everyone
else tried to help but they couldn't since they have their own jobs."
Rain can't believe this was all her fault! The ground was withered and shrivelled. Everyone was panting, heaving
crisp, brittle dead plants into a cart and wheeling them off to a compost land. The compost pile was nearly five
metres tall. Humans were watering crops with the last of their water, or else they would die of starvation.
Blood was pounding in Rain's ears louder than a lion's roar. She was too arrogant, thinking that if people are were
annoyed of with her, she would leave.
"It's time for you to do the right thing!" Thunder roared.
Rain leaked out of her. Humans glanced up and pointed at the little drop expectantly. She rained more. It was time
to fix the mistake she'd made. This time, she didn't feel irritation that she was raining too much, she felt relief and
satisfaction that she was helping, not destroying!

